having to kill mid-on beasts you because
if they could get him but he's got the
giant chain mail coming in there for
down bottom there's the first game yeah
flesh play going in there chompers down
resolves that will it under Bobby Hank
Hill and intended looking for a great
just edit a presage women and that's
going to be first blood to Elise it's
too low oh here comes this shifter I ok
aggressive limit pshew again the
defensive sort of player that barrier
there should be ok in this one ya know
ulti available for BC though because he
already tried to use it he's looking
sneaky his ship to know not quite gonna
get tagged with a bomb there's a war
Derek hey he wants one more satchel
charge comes in no not quite very nice
attempt those you suit you afterwards
the top not intended right he may be no
it doesn't get the kill as I endued
can't really wave good but he is
rotating you've ever been apart going
absolutely massive looking for that kill
but a great bit of central time plus
must know think that's gonna pick him
off so there's the answer right there
huh shifter actually two teeth all that
is overlain actually now because Cortez
is Papa's all good flesh tone itís a man
over the top looking for the fair the
undertow just shorten the fear not quite
and rangy uzuki Rosetta cruise on the
next accident ended repels out of the
way oh really then go pause back down
and Kazuki picks up the kill is gonna be
focused down here it's a good job there
by night is to ward the pleasure
attended fight take the legs and look
whiter there's way too much going on to
be able to get out there a box from
dejah me play back up on your Zuki very
low looks like he's going to go down as
a team and picks it up now teleport
moving sir flash of crimson artisan
man's gonna clean that kill out as well
and that's great moves Isla but post
want to make it more if the ones have a
go again a chance to hit one more time
he's trying to scare him for so long
here now sign movie you want to get the
kill the steeple of farms out as well
and visually pop the very urban style
get a chase him in and that's yet
another kill parnassus alrighty waits
until the barriers off on his own the
intended cannot clear this out here it's
not that all the thing is Dookie
actually getting wrapped up look
daydreaming come a new looking real hook
Bobby hand kill gonna crank it out
wedding and hooked again but nice the
main coming with a crows dog getting
tended absalon against obliterated but
Bobby tries to call backwards anyway and
he's too late to the team fight since
they can just first this dragon down it
starts off as a 4 verse 5 your kids
coming in but pops reckon off doesn't
quite get changed up there goes along
there's the ball coming beautiful there
from BJJ Germans perlozzo gets beat up
by petal he's dead as intended it's
going to pour those on a boat and I'll
fight this at all that's the double kill
coming up a colleague's nothing there
synergy and in their late game the back
gotta whiz version though get a job to
buy you Ziggy missing the lead just a
little but still an easy kill so even
the voids by coming into play as well
know something getting grabbed up their
claim jumpers moving it chipped up
picked up a kill on the fiddle sticks
but he's going to go down as Bobby Hank
you able to pick it up now silence why
I'm joining the fray uzuki turning it or
eat this picked up luck you'll wake this
way out but he's going to go down there
drinks bring me to get some research on
our own as repel does come down for
leases on silence but we're going to
clean up absolutely everybody is janitor
NASA wants to try and get a few excuse
feature cocooned up there towards the
side as well cares now kottayam Azores
Bobby hand kills off to the side speed
kill for them since that Fiddlesticks is
packing so much of the crowd control
they live rely on oh my goodness
that blows up night as the main all
right absolutely incredible piece of
work there and that's a good killer want
a cocoon wrapping up cares now is on a
supplement their kind of forcing can
Busey to make a risky play take a lot of
damage from parent and then try and turn
it on it's a beautiful play from the
walking dead by the way they're moving
pressure around put they're going to
check it out and now they know the
Barons being done now just trying to run
defense is a little dangerous all of a
sudden almost hit that essence to look
at Zion working down the bottom plane
and again coast just have to buy him
time all their need to do is scare the
walking set off the parent and they've
done that yeah there's Bri Kulas coming
though he's pinkos want to move in
trying cancels many of them as I can
maybe won't even matter though
scientists working on this inhibitor
bucci throws out a dolphin maybe now the
way oh goodness we got a fight they send
all that back in stir at this point of
the game especially 30 and a half
minutes in maybe one extra item also for
someone else's baby she's gonna get all
into your shift up very close to picking
out of the dragon could tell the rocket
missing
now zayas gonna ride himself out but he
will get away and that should be
able to be feeling stop moving out here
I don't know of course I'm quite the
damage here and ass is going to do a
good chunk here they have to commit I
mean they do they gonna try something
night it's over-the-top guetta looking
for the team fight will start things up
and if i don't care but all effed up get
it there that's right you and that was
not even ruin you do keep everything to
go down which fuses are trying to get
everybody fall off the bus over the wall
32 train they're simply returning now to
help you think you are nine estoy go
against Ventura pelipper releases
intended get a drop back down they get
the taco that's what they want and now
the walk using a moving on to this
inhibitor and coast pissed on my mind
right now the damage moving it picture
with the damage element for the reset
and this may be yet another kill 140
only but that's all they needed what's
going to start melting to the storage
they have to be careful right now not
get overzealous because it can be turned
around not assume man gets picked up by
ship them is just a support maybe not oh
nothing carry invacare though that's a
good amount of damage boosts scooters
going to bring it up Zuki looking for
the reset pick someone trying to go
again get another get that never gets a
triple oh but the calling does get
through
completely is get cold oh my goodness
what a way to end the game here's I up
the only one backgrounds got is teleport
but have to remember a nexus turret is
down already gender what the scale of
mines got the clock get it though all is
going to clean that once again Hazuki
cleans out an intended as well I'm going
to need a whole lot here I see them with
you there will have to fight for a
daydream and we're going to make a hook
get cancer that's not really once and
now night is going in front of the croix
storm 10 more seconds until this and who
gets up to I JJ very dead there is no
spot now also getting chucktown kids
going to change everybody in the
fountains yuzuki picks up the double
could hang out shifter they want so many
people who if they can get up a
detection he's going to go down here the
walking dead